Fuck you in the face.
If a Christian slaps you in the fucking ass tomorrow, I bet it won't be the first time.
Look, you unsightly troll, you've got one fucking second before I jump your fucking ass full of ass juice.
I will donkey punch your box.  I will donkey punch your box.
I heard you can't need a walker.  It's probably because you have west nile.
Your reek is horrible.
Go screw your cousin, you son of a bitch.
Go hang yourself, you fuckwit slob.
You are a loathsome spermatorium, but that's not why I hate you.  I hate you because you won't fucking get fucked to death.
If I were you, I would ram myself in my rump spanking neck, you ditch pig.
You half-witted cocksucker, you fucking douche nozzle, die in a meteor strike.
People don't hate you because you're ugly.  Don't get me wrong, you are fucking ugly, that's just not why people hate you.
It's unfortunate you will never be successful.  Maybe you shouldn't have been such a son of a bitch.
I would kill you, but then the title of "most gross shitface alive" would pass on to someone else.
I don't want to have to explain to your brother that you can't go to Christmas because you got caught trying to convince little boys you're santa again.
Trying to love you is like waking up in the morning to a journalist giving a hot carl to a Canadian.
Nobody wants to wake up next to you.
I would kill you, but then the title of "most ugly hillbilly alive" would pass on to someone else.
You are a kiwi.
Get fucked, son of a bitch.  I hope you get fucking mauled.
Your mother thinks you're a unintelligent porch monkey.
I fisted your stepsister, dog raper.
Even your foolish roommate hopes you get killed.
Your plans for the future are unimportant because you're a shit lover.
Fill your box with my cooter custard and die, you bull riding child molester.
Know why you have the clap?  Because you're a toilet bowl licking child molester.
I will glenn beck your box.  I will glenn beck your box.
The best part about you is that you're both stupid and unbeautiful.  That's probably why nobody likes you.
Nobody really cares at all about your hopes and dreams.
My idea of a perfect Friday evening is watching an ugly ugly man destroy your ass.
You are one disfigured Christian.
Choke on a penis and die, you felch swilling ballsack.
What the titty fucking christ, I can't believe how much of a rod riding swamp donkey you are.
Why don't you milk my dickless flesh hoagie, you flamer.
I'm just about to make some jizz marmalade and feed it to your roommate.
I hope you get yellow fever from a strange dude, you anal-dwelling semen demon.
You're good looking.  And by good looking, I mean fucking unattractive.
I slapped your boyfriend, muggle.
Run along and splash some shit on your aunt, I heard that fuckass thinks it's amazing.
Oh my lord, you are an unpleasant screw.
Your reek is gruesome.
You are one humpbacked cattle raper.
Hang yourself, fuckdoll.  I hope you get fucking fucked.
Take a pants porpoise in the hole, you bitch.
I don't want to have to explain to your cousin that you can't go to the family meeting because you got caught urinating in public again.
Go felch yourself, you womanly, slap happy, throbbing, christian, felch swilling nanny-thrusting  hooker-raping seal clubber.
Your sister and your nanny glenn beck each other for alcohol.
Eat cooter custard.  Eat my cooter custard.
You will never get past your crushing depression.
Your well-being are unimportant because you're a cum chaser.
I really think it's time for you to get the fuck out of my life, you dog raper.
You are a cockstain.
Fuck you with a hoe.
I love you, you beautiful swell person.
You fucking vagina fart, fuck you.
Sod off and drizzle some semen on your girlfriend, I heard that bitchass thinks it's fabulous.
You are so gross that having your face blown off would make you more sexy.
You're an insignificant knob goblin, and may your engine seize.
By the time you discover how not to be a cow tipper, it will be approximately 6 months too late.
I'm glad I forgot about you, you're a revolting rectum poking man mattress.
I'm going to come into your house and make some cockwater pudding and feed it to your grandma.
Get inappropriately touched.
I would kill you, but then the title of "most awful looking fuckpuppet alive" would pass on to someone else.
I hope a sex offender felches you in a tree, you dickless fuckwit.
Choke on a man meat and die, you gigantic heap of fucking shit.
Die in a fire, you idiotic seal clubber.
My idea of a memorable Saturday evening is watching a homeless guy thrust your fucking ass.
You are unsightly and you reek like nipple scabs.
You are repulsive and you smell like voodoo butter.
I once watched a prostitute give your stepbrother a Cincinnati bowtie.
Once upon a time there was a semen sniffing tard.  Surprise, it was you.
I really think you love going to the playground perhaps a bit too much.
You are not at all swell.  In fact, you're a dog fluffer.
It would be cute if a  jogger humped your sphincter.
Golly, you pissed on a southerner?
You are revolting and you smell like nipple scabs.
What the fucking fuck, I can't believe how much of a dingleberry eating cocksucker you are.
If a journalist felches you in the colon tomorrow, I bet it won't be the first time.
I hope your mother kills you with a poleaxe.
Look, you repelling druggie, you've got one fucking day before I bang your eye socket full of douchewater.
If your dumb ass says one more thing, I will felch your stepbrother.
Why don't you blow my cum-drenched dyke spike, you pig rapist.
Choke on a veiny bastard and die, you meat loving heap of fucking shit.
I hope you get lupus from an overweight chick, you semen sniffing lipstick whore.
You dick.  You dyke spike humping dick.
You, sir, are a throbbing baby raper.
I had a dream that a gorilla circumcised your grandpa.
When a crossing guard felches you and makes you eat dick cheese, nobody will be very surprised.
Son of a fucking thunder cunt, I hate your appalling brother.
Dude we are not going back to that whorehouse, what the shit slinging fuck is wrong with you?
Everybody has a horrendous time whenever you're around.
It's laborious to visualize someone with more neuroses than you.
You deserve to get a gruesome case of urinary tract infection.
Why don't you eat n enormous heap of horrible taint sweat, you thunder cunt.
You know what would make me glad?  If your cousin was spooged on by a clown.
I will mutilate you right in your appalling spunk dumpster, you dried up stinky gaping anus diver.
Get pissed on.
It's unfortunate you will never find someone to love.  Maybe you shouldn't have been such a fuck.
Nobody gives a shit if you get killed.
Once upon a time there was a tramp fisting fucktard.  Surprise, it was you.
I will boink your nappy dugout.  I will boink your nappy dugout.